Morgan.lupton/link openstack and controller docs (#6342)
DataDog/integrations-core: openstack/README.md

# Openstack Integration

<div class="alert alert-warning">

> *Important Note*: This integration only applies to OpenStack versions 12 and below (non-containerized OpenStack). If you are looking to collect metrics from OpenStack v13 and above (containerized OpenStack) please use the [OpenStack Controller integration][1].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Important Note*: This integration only applies to OpenStack versions 12 and below (non-containerized OpenStack). If you are looking to collect metrics from OpenStack v13 and above (containerized OpenStack) please use the <a href="https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openstack_controller/">OpenStack Controller integration</a>.
```
